Implement registrar methods for Domain Prices API (#230)
dnsimple/dnsimple-ruby: CHANGELOG.md

This project uses [Semantic Versioning 2.0.0](http://semver.org/).

## main

> - NEW: Added `registrar.get_domain_prices` to retrieve if domain is premium and prices to register, transfer, and renewal. (dnsimple/dnsimple-ruby#230)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- NEW: Added `registrar.get_domain_prices` to retrieve whether a domain is premium and the prices to register, transfer, and renew. (dnsimple/dnsimple-ruby#230)
```
